How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  Once you can compare the differences between two files that have more 
  than 30 lines of code, narrowed to a few concentrated changes back to back, 
  this process becomes a lot more easy.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

  It helps between versions or when working in teams, because somethings that
  work with a previous version of a program maybe won't work with another. 
  And that makes things simplier when using multiple versions of a code on 
  a project. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:
	- You can play with your code and try what works and what doesn't, 
	  without worrying that something will get overwited

    Cons:
	- If a program is stuck, and you didn't save, it can be frustrating.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    No idea

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log can be used to view the log of the changes for a file

    git diff is used to visualize changes between multiple versions of a file

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It would help a lot once I get used to use it, but as far as I know, this
    relies solely on the user

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Mainly for the Machine Learning course, and will use it for my bachelor's 
    thesis once I get the hang of it.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It could save me some time by not worrying about changes I make on a file
    and also could help getting some features from older versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Pros:
	-You'll create commits for important changes
	-Each commit will have a significance to the broader project
	-You'll save the hassle of multiple saves that could bother more than
	 they can help

    Cons:
	-User error, you might forget or let pile up many important changes into
	 one commit
	-In the case of a blackout (or simmilar stuff) while working on an important
	 part of the code, valuable information can be lost.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It all bases on what kind of user is oriented each one of them. 

    Docs is oriented for everyone and for non-specific users, which means that someone 
    can use it to write a letter, or a report, or maybe to keep a journal. Generally, 
    these types of files don't rely on other files to work or to make things work.

    Instead, because Git is used mainly by programmers, it is much more common to see
    files that are connected or that together make something bigger. It could be considered 
    bad programming not to segment code and take advantage of the feature a programming 
    language can offer (like object oriented programming)

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could 
break something?

    It would help by just focusing on the code and leaving the worries behind of 
    experimenting with new code, new functions, etc. Once you get used to it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Mainly for my thesis, to keep track of everything I make. And also for my Machine
    Learning course on Udacity. But I think once I get the hang of it, I will be using 
    it for all of my projects from now on.
